README.md, before:

# Plastic
An iOS and macOS app for controlling Klipper-based 3d Printers using Moonraker
## GIT ALERT
The contents of the repository was recently squashed to comply with the
new [community guidelines.](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/community) 
You should commit any changes you've made to an orphaned branch, fetch, 
delete your local `main` branch, and repull `main` at this time. 
Alternatively you can delete and reclone the repository. 
## This project is IN DEVELOPMENT
While the goal is to keep the `main` branch buildable at all times, this project is NOT done. Feel free to install it but don't even expect every button to work. 

Eventually, `main` will turn into `release` with a connected `bugfix` 
branch and a separate `develop` branch will exist for pull requests to 
be merged into. For now since the entire project is in development, 
`main` will do. 

All the help in the world is wanted: from human interface work for the ui to graphic design for the app's assets to serious coding to make the app stand up to Apple's App Store review process. Learn [how to contribute](docs/contributing.md) changes or [create an issue](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/issues/new) to propose an idea. 
## Preface
With the onset of moonraker-based interfaces for Klipper, the use of 
Octoprint and Octoprint api-based apps is dying. This project aims to 
be the a way to monitor and make adjustments to prints on your printer 
while being more elegant than loading a web-based ui in Safari. 
## Features and updates has moved!
Track progress with the project and find ways to contribute by checking 
[the project board over on GitHub Projects](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/projects/1)

Commit message:

docs: removed references to "main" (#3)
and switched to using a group in xcode for docs for simplicity

Signed-off-by: Charles Pickering <me@charlespick.xyz>

README.md, after:

# Plastic
An iOS and macOS app for controlling Klipper-based 3d Printers using Moonraker
## GIT ALERT
The contents of the repository was recently squashed to comply with the
new [community guidelines.](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/community)
You should commit any changes you've made to an orphaned branch, fetch,
delete your local `master` branch, and repull `master` at this time.
Alternatively you can delete and reclone the repository.
## This project is IN DEVELOPMENT
While the goal is to keep the `master` branch buildable at all times, this
project is NOT done. Feel free to install it but don't even expect every
button to work.

Eventually, `master` will turn into `release` with a connected `bugfix`
branch and a separate `develop` branch will exist for pull requests to
be merged into. For now since the entire project is in development,
`master` will do.

All the help in the world is wanted: from human interface work for the ui to graphic
design for the app's assets to serious coding to make the app stand up to
Apple's App Store review process. Learn [how to contribute](docs/contributing.md)
changes or [create an issue](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/issues/new)
to propose an idea. 
## Preface
With the onset of moonraker-based interfaces for Klipper, the use of 
Octoprint and Octoprint api-based apps is dying. This project aims to 
be the a way to monitor and make adjustments to prints on your printer 
while being more elegant than loading a web-based ui in Safari. 
## Features and updates has moved!
Track progress with the project and find ways to contribute by checking 
[the project board over on GitHub Projects](https://github.com/charlespick/plastic/projects/1)
